Change references of MicroK8s to CK8s (#214)
canonical/wazuh-server-operator: docs/changelog.md

Each revision is versioned by the date of the revision.

## 2025-06-24

### Updated

> - Updated the documentation to reference CK8s instead of Microk8s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the documentation to reference Canonical Kubernetes instead of MicroK8s.
```
